Now that you have selected your campaign settings the next step in the process is to set up your groups
and as it says here an AD group contains one or more ads on a set of related keywords.
So for best results try to focus all of the ads and keywords in an ad group on one product or service
so you can see that by default here we have group one on what we want to do here is put in about 10
or 20 keywords for one product that we want to promote.
Then if we have a separate product then we can set up a separate group with a separate set of keywords
for that as well.
Now in this example I'll just set up one group but it will be the same process.
At that you can set up for each product that you want to set up.
And just remember that the campaign settings you set up in terms of location language when it's delivered
will be applied to both groups.
So just keep that in mind and if you want to a different set of campaign settings you should set up
a separate campaign so while we really need to do and the big piece of work and this step in the process
is to add in about 10 or 20 key words.
Now really this is where we decide what are the terms that we want to appear in the search results for
when for our ads and this is an important part of the process because this will really determine the
success of your campaign.
So I'll show you a couple of things to really reduce the cost of your campaigns and pick the right keywords.
So the first thing to think about is like what.
What is the intent of your the searcher when they type in this word.
So something like Digital Marketing Course if that's what I'm selling.
Well obviously that person really wants to buy a digital marketing course and so that would be a great
keyword for me to include in my campaign.
I could also put in something like what is digital marketing that could be a keyword phrase that I could
get my ad to appear for.
The thing is though if somebody is typing in what is digital marketing you can see there's no ads or
not and that's for a reason.
These people who type in what is digital marketing are much further up the sales funnel.
They're not even really aware of what it is.
Whereas someone who types in digital marketing course online their intent to buy is much much closer
they're much further down that sales funnel and they're really ready to buy.
They're just searching for a course to buy.
So when you think about your key words just remember where they are in that sales funnel.
Are they just becoming aware of this and you should really avoid keywords like that.
Or are they really ready to buy.
And you want to try and get use keywords like that when you're setting up your AD group.
So just keeping in mind where they are in the sales funnel.
That's an important consideration when you're picking your keywords.
Now how can you come up with more keyword ideas.
Well one thing to do is just to brainstorm a little bit yourself so I could say digital marketing training.
It's kind of a similar thing digital marketing class
marketing class.
So these are all terms that they might be typing in.
Now if I want to get a few more ideas what I can do is also come over here to get key word ideas.
I can just take one of these and paste these in here and now Edwards is going to give me a couple of
ideas and I can really scroll down through these and have a look at these as well.
There once again I can maybe just pop that into Google just check it out.
And are these really the type of do I want to compete with these guys have they got a very similar product.
Or maybe I should really be focusing on something like you know an online social media marketing course
something like that would probably be more appropriate for something like funding.
So you want to be quite careful in terms of these keywords and get them as accurate as possible.
Now if you want to get more keyword ideas what you can do is come up and come to and the keyword Pliner
tool is a tool within that non-words that will help get you more keyword ideas.
So if we for example just take one of the main keywords here.
Paste this in.
We get a just that if we wanted to so we could say the location the language etc. if we wanted to narrow
that down.
So I'm just looking globally here.
If I wanted to look at in terms of just say the U.S. compact disc in you should really match this up
with the location you set in your campaign.
So let's see if we can get some ideas here.
Now look damn We've got some of the same kind of keywords digital marketing certification.
The interesting thing about this too is now we can start to see the suggested bid so we can see like
what is the suggested bid if we want to appear in the search results for these campaigns.
Now I will say that this is quite a competitive keyword and normally there would be courses that could
be too grand and that people are selling off line in colleges universities etc. that's why these suggested
bids are very high.
So don't be put off by this probably for your product the suggested bid is going to be a lot lower.
But here's some of the ones learned digital marketing this is maybe a good term that I can use and I
can actually just this in across here.
Best digital marketing courses digital media courses can be interesting just to add to the list and
check it out.
So as you go through just keep in mind the searchers intent is what again.
Would this be someone really looking to buy a digital marketing training or course and just think about
that as you go through and look at these different keywords than what you can do is actually copy all
these to a clipboard and then once you're happy and then you can add these in again.
OK so some other ideas.
How can you get some more keyword ideas where you can come and use these tools by foo and what you really
want to do is maybe come to take one of your terms again.
Just paste that into the search results and what you want to do is just take the URL of a competitor.
And we can pass that in.
We can come to their paid keywords and we can just get a couple of ideas here again.
Digital Marketing circuit is certification.
We can see a cost per click there as well curriculum development so that's kind of an interesting key
word.
We take that pop that into google.
I'm not really sure what that is.
So that definitely doesn't seem to be relevant so I wouldn't want to include that in my campaign.
But digital marketing certification is definitely one.
If I haven't got that there already.
So you can see that you can pick up new ideas in a couple of different ways just by thinking of them
yourself searching in Google using this suggestion to here using the Google key planner and using spy
fu as well.
So what you want to do is really build up a list of 10 to 20 keywords.
Now once you've got your keyword list built up there is one other thing that you should really have
a look at before you go ahead and click save and continue.
And that is match types so you can see here broad match phrase match exact match.
And these are important part of setting up your ad group because these match tribes really help control
which searches can trigger your ads.
So if you put a little bit of thought into this you can really reduce the costs of your odds.
Now if you just type in the men like this by default These will be all abroad much.
So if we open this up we can actually see here that broad match is the default match type for all of
your keywords and ads may be shown on searches that include misspellings synonyms related searches or
other variations.
So if your keyword is woman's women's hat someone searching for by ladies heart might see her.
So this sounds grace but what it really means is that if you leave it like this digital marketing course
online it could be shown to people who are searching for much broader search terms than that.
And that's not really what you want to do to reduce the cost of your campaigns.
You want to try and trigger the ads only when you have these search terms or very closely related search
terms.
So what I have here is an image which I think helps explain this different match type.
A little bit better.
So here's a couple of examples this broad match if you typed in something like formal shoes then it
would also match to formal footwear evening footwear men's dress wingtips.
So it's pretty broad.
Now if you do one layer down it's called a modified broad match.
So if you put formal plush shoes then that would match the evening shoes black dress shoes et cetera.
So I want to show you how this works.
If I put in and we'll just stick with the same example to keep it simple.
If I put in formal shoes just like it is here.
This is the broad market.
This could appear for a lot of different terms that are broadly related to this.
Now obviously that's not going to be great for us because that means are our ads could be triggered
for a lot of different search terms were their intent might not be to buy shoes but they're just checking
them out or whatever.
So what you can do then one level down is put in formal shoes.
So what I mean what if we put this little plus symbol in here it means there are only show up at if
the at the search term includes the word shoes but it could be a little bit broader.
So could appear for things like evening shoes black dress shoes etc. so it must include that shoes.
But this first word can be broadly related.
Now what you can do even further down is time put a star symbol plus symbol in front of both words.
So it would really have to I can contain formal on shoes in the search that they're appearing for but
it could appear words before or after.
Like formal shoes formal evening shoes formal shoes comfortable things like that.
Now if you want to get even more specific and trigger your ads only on a very specific search term then
you can use a phrase.
So what we can do then is we could say keep the form of shoes but we can remove these plus signs and
then we can put in the parenthesis here.
So this phrase would have to appear in the search that they're typing into Google formal shoes.
Now there could be a word before or there could be a word after but this phrase would have to be in
this order.
So it could be at best formless shoes or formal shoes comfortable whereas in this one I'm above where
it's the modified broad.
These words could be appearing before or after.
Or there could be words in-between these like formal formal white shoes.
Whereas here it would have to be white formless shoes.
So hopefully that explains the difference between those and then the most narrowish type of match that
you could have is just to put these two brackets surrenders.
So what that would mean is that the the ad would only be triggered.
When that exact phrase is typed into Google and no other words before after in between anything.
So that is the exact match type.
So you can really set these by putting these little symbols in or before.
And the key thing that you want to do is not just leave it on a broad brush because that will trigger
your ads for a lot of Broadley related keywords and the purpose of really building up this keyword list
and thinking about it is that you have really narrowed down the list of keywords for your ads that are
going to be triggered.
So what I would suggest you do is really focus on getting a pretty tight key list and then you can just
add the modified broad search on top of that.
So what you're saying here is if you add these in that in the search term all of these words must appear.
Now they could be in different orders and there could be extra words before or after.
But all of these words must appear in the search term.
And so that's what I'd recommend when you've decided your keyword list just the plus symbol in front
of them so that those words have to be included in the search in order to trigger your odds.
So I'm just going to go ahead and fill the rest of these out.
Once you're done then you can just go ahead and click save and continue on that already finishes up.
The second step in the process setting up your group's.